7th.Sept Starting

1. Understanding the requirements.
2. Design how the user interface look like.
3. Implement the main interface so that it looks as expected. (Daniel)
4. Determine the class hierachy. (Victor)

8th.Sept Implementing
1. Furthur develop the GUI and its components. (Daniel)
2. Create the viewer interface, a list of methods that the GUI class must implement (Victor)
	**This is using the programming to interface concept.
3. Implement classes: Word, Wordlist, FileManager, Speech (Victor)
4. Implement classes: Stats, WordStats and linking it with JTable (Daniel)
5. Start using the smartGit to make commits and pushes to github.(Victor)

12th.Sept Furthur developing quiz logic
1. Change of requirements: need to fit review in.
   Plans: 
	1.1 Make Quiz abstract
	1.2 NewQuiz, Review implements quiz.
	1.3 Use abstract methods and template method pattern to control the two different quiz.
	1.4 Shifting some initialisation of fields. (to sub-classes)
2. Implmented more logic on abstract Quiz and NewQuiz.
3. wordlist now have to take a quiz object as an argument when constructing.

13th.Sept More quiz logic
1. Finishing off newQuiz class.
2. Finishing submission class.
3. modify quiz classes to allow for video.
4. modify abstract quiz and new quiz to record number of attempts.

14th.Sept putting modules togehter
1. Fixed some bugs (null pointers, error with logic)

15th.Sept Fixing bugs
1. Need to pass new line characters to GUI.
2. Debugging quiz logic.
3. Added debugging methods
4. Starting on review logic. 
PROBLEM: co-operational, convert List Word to List String.
5. Changed Quiz class again to handle when no failed words needs to be tested.
6. Changed Quiz class to make popUp message for end of quiz summary.
7. Fixed the level bug for Daneil.
8. Added more debug buttons to help debugging/testing.
9. Finished review logic.

20th.Sept FFMPEG work
1. Added the code to generate the edited ffmpeg video.
2. Modified video logic to be able to play the ffmpeg video. (Reverse)

21th.Sept Bug fixes, testing
1. Fixed bugs related to: videoReward (video buttons), finished quiz, stats accuracy rates

23th.Sept Submission day
1. Checked all the files once again, did some final testing, submit.

PROTOTYPE SUBMISSION.
----------------------------------------
3rd.Oct Start assignment4 starts
1. refactored fileIO to take images.

4th.Oct Starting to add icons
1. Load icons, add icons to tabbed pane.
2. Reorganize the library package
3. update read me file with list of things to do.
4. New welcome page with images, text fields and labels re-ordered

5th.Oct Quiz UI, File chooser
1. Added yes/no icon to quiz, make it auto hide.
2. Progress bar and scoring systems.
3. Implemented the file choose.

6th.Oct stats UI, fonts, check on linux
1. Changed fonts to collect them together in one class.
2. Level header now more obvious to choose.
3. New accuracy chart implemented.
4. User test added more things to do.

10th.Oct BETA, statsUI, newQuizUI
1. UI updates on stats, now included JLabel to show the total amount of words spelt.
2. UI updates on newQuiz, now uses JRadioButtons to allow uswer to select the type of quiz.
3. UI updates on new line chracters. Now after each word is finished spelling, an extra new
line chracter will be printed.
4. choice of words updated, now Mastered/Faulted/Failed will read as Good/Fair/Poor.
5. Written a ReadME file for Beta.

BETA SUBMISSION.
----------------------------------------
13th.Oct review updates
1. new functionality: clear stats.
2. now will validate wordlist before adding it.
3. new functionality: store history files
4. update to settings panel and use larger fonts.
5. Checked all source code again to improve on comments.

14th.Oct final updates